Update manage-quarantined-messages-and-files.md (#4496)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/manage-quarantined-messages-and-files.md

- **Download message**: In the flyout pane that appears, select **I understand the risks from downloading this message** to save a local copy of the message in .eml format.

> -**Block Sender**: this blocks the sender from sending emails to recipient in the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-**Block Sender**: This blocks the sender from sending emails to the admin recipient mailbox.
```
